docs: Prepare Changelog for 8.11.0 (#37058)
elastic/beats: CHANGELOG.asciidoc

:issue: https://github.com/elastic/beats/issues/
:pull: https://github.com/elastic/beats/pull/

[[release-notes-8.11.0]]
=== Beats version 8.11.0
https://github.com/elastic/beats/compare/v8.10.4\...v8.11.0[View commits]

==== Breaking changes

*Affecting all Beats*
- The Elasticsearch output now enables compression by default. This decreases network data usage by an average of 70-80%, in exchange for 20-25% increased CPU use and ~10% increased ingestion time. The previous default can be restored by setting the flag `compression_level: 0` under `output.elasticsearch`. {pull}36681[36681]
- Elastic-agent-autodiscover library updated to version 0.6.4, disabling metadata for deployment and cronjob. Pods that will be created from deployments or cronjobs will not have the extra metadata field for kubernetes.deployment or kubernetes.cronjob, respectively. {pull}36879[36879]

*Filebeat*

- Switch types of `log.file.device`, `log.file.inode`, `log.file.idxhi`, `log.file.idxlo` and `log.file.vol` fields to strings to better align with ECS and integrations. {pull}36697[36697]

*Metricbeat*

> - System module now collects the number of threads per process. The elastic-agent-system-metrics was updated to v0.7.0 as the number of threads is collected by it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The System module now collects the number of threads per process. The elastic-agent-system-metrics was updated to v0.7.0 as this version collects the number of threads.
```

==== Bugfixes

*Affecting all Beats*

- Upgrade elastic-agent-libs to v0.6.0, allows beat running as a windows service to receive more than one change request. {pull}36896[36896]

*Filebeat*

> - Added a fix for Crowdstrike pipeline handling process arrays {pull}36496[36496]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a fix for the Crowdstrike pipeline handling of process arrays. {pull}36496[36496]
```

- Fix handling of response errors in HTTPJSON and CEL request trace logging. {pull}36956[36956]

*Heartbeat*

- Fix retries to trigger on a down monitor with no previous state. {pull}36842[36842]
- Bump NodeJS minor version to 18.18.2. {pull}36961[36961]
- Fix monitor duration calculation with retries. {pull}36900[36900]

*Metricbeat*

- Fix Azure Monitor empty metricnamespace. {pull}36295[36295]
- Fix GCP compute metadata. {pull}36338[36338]
- Add missing 'TransactionType' dimension for Azure Storage Account. {pull}36413[36413]

> - Add log error when statsd server fails to start {pull}36477[36477]
> - Fix CassandraConnectionClosures metric configuration {pull}34742[34742]
> - Fix event mapping implementation for statsd module {pull}36925[36925]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add log error when statsd server fails to start. {pull}36477[36477]
- Fix CassandraConnectionClosures metric configuration. {pull}34742[34742]
- Fix event mapping implementation for statsd module. {pull}36925[36925]
```

*Winlogbeat*

- Fix User Account Control Attributes Table values for Security module. {issue}36999[36999] {pull}37009[37009]

==== Added

*Affecting all Beats*

- Upgrade to Go 1.20.10. {pull}36846[36846]

> - dns processor: Add support for forward lookups (`A`, `AAAA`, and `TXT`). {issue}11416[11416] {pull}36394[36394]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for forward lookups (`A`, `AAAA`, and `TXT`) in DNS processor. {issue}11416[11416] {pull}36394[36394]
```

- Mark `syslog` processor as GA, improve docs about how processor handles syslog messages. {issue}36416[36416] {pull}36417[36417]
- Add support for AWS external IDs. {issue}36321[36321] {pull}36322[36322]

> - [Enhanncement for host.ip and host.mac] Disabling netinfo.enabled option of add-host-metadata processor {pull}36506[36506]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Disable `netinfo.enabled` option of `add-host-metadata processor`to enhance `host.ip` and `host.mac`. {pull}36506[36506]
```

> - Beats will now connect to older Elasticsearch instances by default {pull}36884[36884]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- {Beats} will now connect to older {es} instances by default. {pull}36884[36884]
```

- Upgrade golang/x/net to v0.17.0. Updates the publicsuffix table used by the registered_domain processor. {pull}36969[36969]

*Filebeat*

- Reduce HTTPJSON metrics allocations. {pull}36282[36282]

> - Add support for a simplified input configuraton when running under Elastic-Agent {pull}36390[36390]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for a simplified input configuraton when running under {agent}. {pull}36390[36390]
```

- Make HTTPJSON response body decoding errors more informative. {pull}36481[36481]
- Allow fine-grained control of entity analytics API requests for Okta provider. {issue}36440[36440] {pull}36492[36492]
- Add support for expanding `journald.process.capabilities` into the human-readable effective capabilities in the ECS `process.thread.capabilities.effective` field. {issue}36454[36454] {pull}36470[36470]
- Allow fine-grained control of entity analytics API requests for AzureAD provider. {issue}36440[36440] {pull}36441[36441]
- For request tracer logging in CEL and httpjson the request and response body are no longer included in `event.original`. The body is still present in `http.{request,response}.body.content`. {pull}36531[36531]

> - Added support for Okta OAuth2 provider in the CEL input. {issue}36336[36336] {pull}36521[36521]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for Okta OAuth2 provider in the CEL input. {issue}36336[36336] {pull}36521[36521]
```

- Improve error logging in HTTPJSON input. {pull}36529[36529]
- Disable warning message about ingest pipeline loading when running under Elastic Agent. {pull}36659[36659]
- Add input metrics to http_endpoint input. {issue}36402[36402] {pull}36427[36427]
- Remove Event Normalization from GCP PubSub Input. {pull}36716[36716]

> - Added support for new features & removed partial save mechanism in the Azure Blob Storage input. {issue}35126[35126] {pull}36690[36690]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for new features & removed partial save mechanism in the Azure Blob Storage input. {issue}35126[35126] {pull}36690[36690]
```

- Improve template evaluation logging for HTTPJSON input. {pull}36668[36668]
- Add CEL partial value debug function. {pull}36652[36652]

> - Added support for new features and removed partial save mechanism in the GCS input. {issue}35847[35847] {pull}36713[36713]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for new features and remove partial save mechanism in the GCS input. {issue}35847[35847] {pull}36713[36713]
```
